refactor: eliminate `DecrementCapturerCount` patch (#35710)
electron/electron: docs/breaking-changes.md

* **Deprecated:** An API was marked as deprecated. The API will continue to function, but will emit a deprecation warning, and will be removed in a future release.
* **Removed:** An API or feature was removed, and is no longer supported by Electron.

## Planned Breaking API Changes (23.0)

> ### Removed: `webContents.incrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)`

Reviewer: Generally we also add a `Deprecated` section in the version the API becomes deprecated. You can pretty much just copy/paste this but replace 'removed' with 'deprecated'.

The `webContents.incrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)` function has been removed.

> It is now automatically handled internally when a page capture completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now automatically handled by `webContents.capturePage` when a page capture completes.
```

```js
const w = new BrowserWindow({ show: false })

// Removed in Electron 23
w.webContents.incrementCapturerCount()
w.capturePage().then(image => {
  console.log(image.toDataURL())
  w.webContents.decrementCapturerCount()
})

// Replace with
w.capturePage().then(image => {
  console.log(image.toDataURL())
})
```

### Removed: `webContents.decrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)`

The `webContents.decrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)` function has been removed.

> It is now automatically handled internally when a page capture completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now automatically handled by `webContents.capturePage` when a page capture completes.
```

})
```

> ### Removed: `webContents.decrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)`

Reviewer 2: Unless there's a compelling reason to deprecate/remove decrement separately from increment, it seems like it would be less confusing to do the whole change at once, e.g. deprecations in 22 and removed in 23.

Doing them separately seems like extra work for app devs with no real upside? (Or maybe an upside that I'm msising?)

Author: there's not - just forgot to add to this doc!

The `webContents.decrementCapturerCount(stayHidden, stayAwake)` function has been removed.
It is now automatically handled internally when a page capture completes.

```js
const w = new BrowserWindow({ show: false })

// Removed in Electron 22
w.webContents.incrementCapturerCount()
w.capturePage().then(image => {
  console.log(image.toDataURL())
  w.webContents.decrementCapturerCount()
})

// Replace with

> w.webContents.incrementCapturerCount()

Reviewer 2: replacement sample code is using deprecated-or-removed API
